
===== PAGE 21 =====
General Risks
The price of the Company’s stock is subject to volatility.
The Company’s stock has experienced substantial price volatility in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Additionally, the
Company, the technology industry and the stock market as a whole have, from time to time, experienced extreme stock price and
volume fluctuations that have affected stock prices in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies’ operating
performance. Price volatility may cause the average price at which the Company repurchases its stock in a given period to exceed
the stock’s price at a given point in time. The Company believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations of future growth
and profitability. The Company also believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations that its cash dividend will continue at
current levels or grow, and that its current share repurchase program will be fully consummated. Future dividends are subject to
declaration by the Company’s Board of Directors (“Board”), and the Company’s share repurchase program does not obligate it to
acquire any specific number of shares. If the Company fails to meet expectations related to future growth, profitability, dividends,
share repurchases or other market expectations, the price of the Company’s stock may decline significantly, which could have a
material adverse impact on investor confidence and employee retention.
Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C.    Cybersecurity
The Company’s management, led by its Head of Corporate Information Security, has overall responsibility for identifying, assessing
and managing any material risks from cybersecurity threats. The Company’s Head of Corporate Information Security leads a
dedicated Information Security team of highly skilled individuals with experience across industries that, among other things,
develops and distributes information security policies, standards and procedures; engages in employee cybersecurity training;
implements security controls; assesses security risk and compliance posture; monitors and responds to security events; and
executes security testing and assessments. The Company’s Head of Corporate Information Security has extensive knowledge and
skills gained from over 25 years of experience in the cybersecurity industry, including serving in leadership positions at other large
technology companies and leading the Company’s Information Security team since 2016.
The Company’s Information Security team coordinates with teams across the Company to prevent, respond to and manage security
incidents, and engages third parties, as appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of its security processes and
incident response. A dedicated Supplier Trust team manages information security risks the Company is exposed to through its
supplier relationships. The Company has processes to log, track, address, and escalate for further assessment and report, as
appropriate, cybersecurity incidents across the Company and its suppliers to senior management and the Audit and Finance
Committee (“Audit Committee”) of the Board. The Company’s enterprise risk management program is designed to identify, assess,
and monitor the Company’s business risks, including financial, operational, compliance and reputational risks, and reflects
management’s assessment of cybersecurity risks.
The Audit Committee assists the Board in the oversight and monitoring of cybersecurity matters. The Audit Committee regularly
reviews and discusses the Company’s cybersecurity risks with management, including the Company’s Head of Corporate
Information Security, its General Counsel and the Heads of Compliance and Business Conduct, Business Assurance, and Internal
Audit, and receives updates, as necessary, regarding cybersecurity incidents. The Chair of the Audit Committee regularly reports the
substance of such reviews and discussions to the Board, as necessary, and recommends to the Board such actions as the Audit
Committee deems appropriate.
For a discussion of the Company’s cybersecurity-related risks, see Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.”
Item 2.    Properties
The Company’s headquarters is located in Cupertino, California. As of September 27, 2025, the Company owned or leased facilities
and land for corporate functions, R&D, data centers, retail and other purposes at locations throughout the U.S. and in various places
outside the U.S. The Company believes its existing facilities and equipment, which are used by all reportable segments, are in good
operating condition and are suitable for the conduct of its business.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 17
10/7/26, 11:07 AM
aapl-20250927
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000032019325000079/aapl-20250927.htm?utm_source=chatgpt.com
21/65


===== PAGE 22 =====
Item 3.    Legal Proceedings
Digital Markets Act Investigations
On March 25, 2024, the Commission announced that it had opened a formal noncompliance investigation against the Company
under Article 5(4) of the EU DMA (“Article 5(4) Investigation”). The Article 5(4) Investigation relates to how developers may
communicate and promote offers to end users for apps distributed through the App Store, as well as how developers may conclude
contracts with those end users. On June 24, 2024, the Commission announced that it had opened an additional formal investigation
against the Company regarding whether the Company’s new contractual requirements for third-party app developers and app
marketplaces may violate the DMA (“Article 6(4) Investigation”). On April 23, 2025, the Commission fined the Company €500 million
in the Article 5(4) Investigation and issued a cease and desist order requiring the Company to remove technical and commercial
restrictions that prevent developers from steering users to alternative distribution channels outside the App Store. The Company has
appealed the Commission’s Article 5(4) decision. Also on April 23, 2025, the Commission issued preliminary findings in the Article
6(4) Investigation. If the Commission makes a final determination in the Article 6(4) Investigation that there has been a violation, it
can issue a cease and desist order and may impose fines up to 10% of the Company’s annual worldwide net sales. The
Commission may also seek to impose additional fines if it deems that the Company has violated a cease and desist order. The
Company believes that it complies with the DMA and has continued to make changes to its compliance plan in response to feedback
and engagement with the Commission.
Department of Justice Lawsuit
On March 21, 2024, the DOJ and a number of state and district attorneys general filed a civil antitrust lawsuit in the U.S. District
Court for the District of New Jersey against the Company alleging monopolization or attempted monopolization in the markets for
“performance smartphones” and “smartphones” in violation of U.S. antitrust laws. The DOJ is seeking equitable relief to redress the
alleged anticompetitive behavior. In addition, various civil litigation matters have been filed in state and federal courts in the U.S.
alleging similar violations of U.S. antitrust laws and seeking monetary damages and other nonmonetary relief. The Company
believes it has substantial defenses and intends to vigorously defend itself.
Epic Games
Epic Games, Inc. filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (“California District Court”) against the
Company alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws and California’s unfair competition law based upon the Company’s
operation of its App Store. The California District Court found that certain provisions of the Company’s App Review Guidelines
violate California’s unfair competition law and issued an injunction (the “2021 Injunction”) enjoining the Company from prohibiting
developers from including in their apps buttons, external links, or other calls to action that direct customers to purchasing
mechanisms other than the Company’s in-app purchase system. The 2021 Injunction applies to apps on the U.S. storefronts of the
iOS and iPadOS App Stores. On January 16, 2024, the Company implemented a plan to comply with the 2021 Injunction and filed a
statement of compliance with the California District Court. On September 30, 2024, the Company filed a motion with the California
District Court to narrow or vacate the 2021 Injunction. On April 30, 2025, the California District Court found the Company to be in
violation of the 2021 Injunction and enjoined the Company from imposing any commission or any fee on purchases that consumers
make outside an app; restricting, conditioning, limiting, or prohibiting how developers guide consumers to purchases outside an app;
or otherwise interfering with a consumer’s choice to proceed in or out of an app. The California District Court also denied the
Company’s motion to narrow or vacate the 2021 Injunction and referred the Company to the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of
California for a determination whether criminal contempt proceedings are appropriate. The Company will continue to vigorously
defend its actions and employees, and has appealed the California District Court’s most recent decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit (“Ninth Circuit Court”). Although the Company’s request to stay the decision pending appeal was denied, the
Ninth Circuit Court has agreed to consider the Company’s appeal on an expedited basis, with oral arguments heard in October
2025.
Other Legal Proceedings
The Company is subject to other legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary
course of business. The Company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2025 that did not individually or in the
aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition or operating results. The outcome of litigation is inherently
uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting period for amounts above management’s
expectations, the Company’s financial condition and operating results for that reporting period could be materially adversely
affected.
Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 18
10/7/26, 11:07 AM
aapl-20250927
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000032019325000079/aapl-20250927.htm?utm_source=chatgpt.com
22/65

